feat(docs): schedule usage docs (#3246)
winglang/wing: libs/wingsdk/src/cloud/schedule.md

## Usage

### From cron
```ts playground
bring cloud;

let schedule = new cloud.Schedule(cron: "* * * * ?");

schedule.onTick(inflight () => {
  log("schedule: triggered");
});
```

### From rate 

```ts playground
bring cloud;

let schedule = new cloud.Schedule(rate: 1m);

schedule.onTick(inflight () => {
  log("schedule: triggered");
});
```
### Simulator (`sim`)

> Sim implementations of `cloud.Schedule` uses standard JavaScript `setTimeout` function.
> 
> ### AWS (`tf-aws` and `awscdk`)
> 
> AWS implementations of `cloud.Schedule` use [Amazon CloudWatch](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A standard JavaScript `setTimeout` function triggers ticks as callbacks.

### AWS (`tf-aws` and `awscdk`)

See [Amazon CloudWatch](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch/).
```
